Reduce "Discovered new BLE peripheral..." log entries (#853)
mKeRix/room-assistant: docs/integrations/bluetooth-low-energy.md

| `instanceBeaconEnabled` | Boolean | `true` | Whether this instance should emit iBeacon advertisements via BLE, which can be used by the room-assistant companion app to auto-toggle advertising. |
| `instanceBeaconMajor` | Number | `1` | The major of the advertised iBeacon. |
| `instanceBeaconMinor` | Number | Random | The minor of the advertised iBeacon. |

> | `minDiscoveryLogRssi` | Number | -999 | Only log newly discovered beacons if raw RSSI values are grerater than this (usefull to reduce log spam if on a busy street). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `minDiscoveryLogRssi` | Number | -999 | Only log newly discovered beacons if raw RSSI values are greater than this (useful to reduce log spam if on a busy street). |
```

Author: Classic ! Just installed Code Spell Checker into VS Code.
